Fixing multiple issues with the layered repository service (#637)
SAP/open-ux-tools: examples/odata-cli/README.adoc

# Example: CLI using Axios OData

> This project contains scripts to fetch OData metadata and annotations from using the `@sap-ux/axios-extension` and `@sap-ux/btp-utils` modules with real environments. It also contains scripts showing how to work with the layer repository service and the ADT services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project contains scripts to fetch OData metadata and annotations by using the `@sap-ux/axios-extension` and `@sap-ux/btp-utils` modules with real environments. It also contains scripts showing how to work with the layered repository service and the ADT services.
```
Does sound better?
